Update export, import, and autotag in UserGuide and DevGuide (#155)
AY1920S1-CS2103T-T13-4/main: docs/UserGuide.adoc

****

Example:

* `*import* myBookmarks` +
Assuming `mark.jar` is stored in the folder `mark`, imports bookmarks from the
file `mark/data/bookmarks/myBookmarks.json`.

=== Creating an automatic tag: *`autotag`*

This command creates a tag that will be automatically applied to bookmarks which match
the given conditions.

Format: `*autotag* TAG_NAME [n/NAME_KEYWORD]... [u/URL_KEYWORD]... [f/FOLDER]...
[nn/NOT_NAME_KEYWORD]... [nu/NOT_URL_KEYWORD]... [nf/NOT_FOLDER]...`

****
* `TAG_NAME` should be a valid tag name. No existing autotag should have this tag name.
* At least one condition (`n/`, `nn/`, `u/`, `nu/`, `f/`, or `nf/`) must be specified.
* `NAME_KEYWORD` and `URL_KEYWORD` are used to match bookmarks in a similar way
as the keywords in `*find*` (see <<locating-bookmarks>>). The only difference is that a single
keyword parameter can contain multiple words. E.g. `n/Module W` will match names `CS2103T Module Website` and
`module work to do` but not `Future modules`.
* `FOLDER` should be the exact name of a folder (case insensitive). E.g. `wiki` will match
`Wiki` but not `Wikipedia`.
* `NOT_NAME_KEYWORD`, `NOT_URL_KEYWORD`, and `NOT_FOLDER` are name keywords,

> URL keywords, or folders that bookmarks to be tagged should *not* match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
URL keywords, or folder names that bookmarks to be tagged should *not* match.
```
